We warmly welcome you dear brothers and sisters for our first JW Broadcasting Monthly
program.
Christian neutrality, modesty, do the map.
Deal with anxiety one day at a time.
Children are an inheritance from Jehovah.
Jehovah loves each one of us despite our appearances, our imperfections.
A marriage that has good patterns shaped by Jehovah's principles looks like this well-balanced family circle.
Though we're tainted with sin, Jehovah does not discard imperfect humans.
We may worry about what might seem to be big tests only to find that they're not as overwhelming as we feared they would be.
Each individual grain of sand reveals distinct beauty.
That is how Jehovah sees each of you.
My personal favorite thing about JW Broadcasting has to be that there are videos on really anything, whether it's something to help me in school or something to help me in my spiritual life.
We like to theme our family worship.
Recently we did a family worship on neutrality and we found a lot of great videos that have specifically to do with that.
I use my device quite a bit and I don't like it to get in the way of schoolwork and family time.
So the video has really helped me manage my screen time so it doesn't come in the way of those things.
Being able to see brothers and sisters from all over the world, all different ages, all different backgrounds serving Jehovah.
It's helped me personally, but I think it's really helped the kids in setting their own spiritual goals and being able to see that there's so much that can be done in Jehovah's organization.
No matter what their interests are, that Jehovah can take care of them.
They feel part of Jehovah's worldwide organization and at the end of the broadcast they say we love you friends.
There's really no substitute for that.
As a special pioneer, the pandemic lasted so long and I had various sources of stress.
But fortunately, it was the direction from the discrete slave, a mother-like organization, they gave us direction every step of the way.
It was great.
The governing body taught us principles and gave us so much support.
It's been such a joy to hear in the governing body updates that many inactive ones are coming back.
I visited a single brother who was inactive for 24 years and he said several times how he wanted to come back.
I was really happy that I acted in the message from the governing body updates.
It really strengthened my faith.
In one governing body update from 2022, they highlighted our return to the in-person ministry.
I felt like a brand new publisher when we went out in the field ministry again.
I felt like a baby, a toddler in a way.
So my wife and I prayed a lot to Jehovah for us to be able to have good conversations and to be able to muster up the courage needed.
When we actually went from host to host to our surprise, host holders were willing to listen.
We felt the support of the Holy Spirit and felt the kindness and help from the governing body during the pandemic.
So this gives us the motivation to overcome any obstacle in our way no matter what the future holds.
I'm really appreciative of that.
I got baptized when I was 25 years old.
What contributed to me becoming inactive was the lack of Bible study, neglecting my meeting attendance, and some bad associations.
I remained inactive for 10 years.
The JW Broadcasting program that helped me to return to Jehovah was the program from February 2016, where we find the experience of Brother Derek,
who similarly had straight away from Jehovah.
But he recognized that he had made a big mistake which caused him many problems.
So I could relate to Brother Derek.
And so I said, why can't I return to Jehovah?
That video helped me fix matters and get closer to Jehovah little by little.
We've been able to watch Gilead school talks and some broadcasts as a family.
It has helped us to expand our friendships with our brothers in the congregation.
I remember a Gilead school talk that was given by Brother David's plan with the theme, if you look for it, you will find it.
That taught us that when we want to expand our friendships with our brothers in the congregation, we should not focus on their defects.
But we should look more at their good qualities.
So that helped us as a family to remain united with all those in the congregation.
I really like everything that comes out on JW Broadcasting.
But what I love the most are the experiences of our brothers and sisters that remain steadfast and keep their faith in Jehovah.
I love family worship so much because we get to sit down as a family and practice some kingdom songs, read a Bible story or watch the broadcast for the month.
The first time I went to a convention was Jehovah's Witnesses. It was like 10,000 people.
When I go in there and I see all these different faces and different colors, it's like Jehovah showing me like, hey, Ralph Hicken.
Remember you asked me about all different people getting together and being one, see, I'm not partial.
They do get along. We are unified.
To know that you have a Heavenly Father that cares about you.
That was the best feeling on earth I never thought God had name.
And ever since that day on, I never forget Jehovah's name. It's superglue in my heart.
I would love for Jehovah and our determination to live by his standards are being tested each day.
And yet, because we're being welfare spiritually, we have everything we need to meet those tests with joy.
Dear brothers and sisters, please be assured of the warm love of the governing body and our prayers in your behalf.
From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is JW Broadcasting.